Hardcodes breaking changes 8.8 links and adds note (#3362)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.8.asciidoc

//tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.

> // THIS ALSO MEANS IF YOU USE LINKS HERE, THEY SHOULD BE HARDCODED UNLESS ANY ATTRIBUTES ARE ALSO DEFINED WHERE THE SNIPPET IS REFERENCES

Reviewer: It might help to be specific about what "hardcoded" means. Also, I'd rather just not even give locally-defined attributes as an option; it complicates things and in most cases not necessary — we can use a full URL.
```suggestion
// THIS ALSO MEANS IF YOU USE LINKS HERE, THEY SHOULD BE FULL URLS WITH NO ATTRIBUTES
```

:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
* The privileges for attaching alerts to cases have changed. Now, you need at least `Read` privileges for Security and `All` privileges for Cases ({pull}147985[#147985]).
* Adds conditional actions to the rules API. In {elastic-sec} 8.7 and earlier, action frequencies were set on a rule level by defining the `throttle` field. In 8.8 and later, action frequencies are set at the action level, and the `throttle` field is replaced by the `frequency` and `alert_filters` fields. The following APIs are affected:

> ** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/rules-api-get.html[Get rule]

Reviewer 2: This needs to be 8.8 so it always points to the 8.8 docs.

```suggestion
** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.8/rules-api-get.html[Get rule]
```

Reviewer: Wouldn't all the links below need to point to 8.8, also?

Reviewer 2: yep!

** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/rules-api-find.html[Find rules]
** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/rules-api-create.html[Create rule]
** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/rules-api-update.html[Update rule]

> ** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/bulk-actions-rules-api.html[Bulk rule actions]

Reviewer 2: I'll need to merge https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3320 before this link can resolve. 

```suggestion
** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.8/bulk-actions-rules-api.html#optional-actions-fields-bulk-update[Bulk rule actions]
```

//tag::breaking-changes[]
// NOTE: The breaking-changes tagged regions are reused in the Elastic Installation and Upgrade Guide. The pull attribute is defined within this snippet so it properly resolves in the output.
// THIS ALSO MEANS IF YOU USE LINKS HERE, THEY SHOULD BE FULL URLS WITH NO ATTRIBUTES
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
* The privileges for attaching alerts to cases have changed. Now, you need at least `Read` privileges for Security and `All` privileges for Cases ({pull}147985[#147985]).
* Adds conditional actions to the rules API. In {elastic-sec} 8.7 and earlier, action frequencies were set on a rule level by defining the `throttle` field. In 8.8 and later, action frequencies are set at the action level, and the `throttle` field is replaced by the `frequency` and `alert_filters` fields. The following APIs are affected:
** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.8/rules-api-get.html[Get rule]

> ** https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.8/rules-api-get.html[Get rules]

Reviewer 2: Oops, duplicate! 

```suggestion
```
